RFC - Improving deploying Dask docs (#9912)
dask/dask: docs/source/deploying-cloud.rst

    and `Dask-Yarn <https://yarn.dask.org>`_.

    Specific documentation for the popular Amazon EMR service can be found
    `here <https://yarn.dask.org/en/latest/aws-emr.html>`_.
3.  Directly launching cloud resources such as VMs or containers via a cluster manager with

>     `Dask Cloud Provider <https://cloudprovider.dask.org/en/latest/>`_ or `Coiled <https://www.coiled.io/>`_.

Reviewer: From a users perspective I think that these two are pretty different.  It's true that under the hood they both use VMs, but I think that commercial or managed services might make more sense as a separate bullet point.

Reviewer 2: I came here to see if we'd added Coiled to this list. Agreed with Matt that Coiled should be a separate bullet, but I think it definitely makes sense to have on the list.

```suggestion
    `Dask Cloud Provider <https://cloudprovider.dask.org/en/latest/>`_.
4. `Coiled <https://www.coiled.io/>`_, a commercial service that manages launching Dask clusters on your own cloud infrastructure.
```
